Natsume
The snow is falling on the mountain
The wind is blowing, blowing, blowing snow
The mountain is wide and the grass is wide
The white snow is blowing, blowing, blowing snow
blowing, blowing snow
The snow that is drawn on the moon
The moon is also a key word
The wind is blowing, blowing, blowing snow
blowing, blowing, blowing snow
Come on, come on, slide, robot, come on
The sky is high, the sun is low
The white snow is blowing, blowing, blowing snow
blowing, blowing, blowing snow
The red sky is the color of the sunset
Come on, come on, slide, wherever you are
The white snow is blowing, blowing, blowing snow
The black snow is blowing, blowing, blowing snow
blowing, blowing snow